Kin of Ash

Vitality +30
Strength +20
Dexterity +20
Intelligence +20
Wisdom +15

Body enhancement magic is improved by 300%
All Ashen magic skills are improved by 100%
All fighting styles using hand to hand combat are more refined
Your will is ash and embers

Active: Armor of Ash
A shroud of condensed ash to shield you.
Hard as steel and forming to your will.
The Armor increases your resilience by [100% + .5%/lvl].
Halved effects if armor beyond light category is worn.
2nd stage: The strength of your Resistance skills also benefit from the Armor of Ash.
3rd stage: Increases the defensive capabilities of all ash and ember you control.
Effects additionally apply to your body itself, halved if armor beyond light category is worn.
Category: Body Enhancement – Ashen magic

Active: Aspect of Ash
Ember glows within you raising your resilience, speed, Strength, Intelligence and Dexterity by [35% + .5%/lvl].
2nd stage: The longer you fight in the Aspect of Ash, the deeper it roots.
Each minute of fighting adds 15% more power to the skill with a maximum of 150%.
3rd stage: Familiarity with the skill removes its upkeep.
When reaching the maximum second tier bonus you may reset it by amplifying your next attack with ash and ember.
Category: Aura – Body Enhancement

Active: True Ash Creation
Create ash in a certain radius around you.
2nd stage: You can control the density of the ash to an extent.
3rd stage: You have proven your dedication.
Ash swirls to aid and destroy at your whims.
Category: Ashen Magic

Active: Heart of Cinder
Increase the heat in your body and release it in a blast around you.
2nd stage: The embers run deep.
The heat you may reach is only limited by your very life.
3rd stage: Focus on release to change the blast into a cone of destruction sent out of either arm.
Category: Body Enhancement – Ashen Magic

Active: Storm of Cinders
Burn the inside of whatever your body hits with a surge of heat and embers or release the attack in a burst of fire and cinders.
2nd stage: The flame burns on.
Targets hit will have fire burning through or on them.
Time and consecutive attacks will increase the effect.
3rd stage: Storm of Cinders burns away all that stands against it, damaging mana intrusion capabilities of defensive enchantments, natural- as well as manufactured armor.
Category: Ashen magic

Passive: Ash and Ember Unity
You are one with Ash and Ember.
Allies rushing to your aid.
2nd stage: Your understanding grows, allowing you to create greater change in ash and ember.
3rd stage: The elements themselves become an extension of your body, an extension of your will, for as long as they stay in physical contact with you.
Ash not connected benefits from passive abilities enhancing your body.
Category: Ashen magic

Passive: Ashen Wings
Your understanding of Ash Wielder allows you to form wings from ash and ember.
Strike your enemies from above and close the distance to deliver your wrath.
2nd stage: Your wings become more dense and tangible, able to help you defend and attack.
3rd stage: Ash Creation and Unity prove you are above the rest.
Shape and form your wings to your liking, now directly affected by your control.
An added tail shall make you one with the skies above, not a mere human imitating flight but one who revels in it.
You may charge your wings with mana and stamina to dramatically increase your flight velocity at the cost of heavily reduced control.
Category: Body Enhancement – Ashen Magic

Passive: Eyes of Ash
Increases your perception by [30% + .5%/lvl] when fighting without a weapon.
2nd stage: Effects apply with weapons as well.
Opportunity calls, you notice possible critical weak points on enemies with more ease.
3rd stage: Your eyes are vastly improved.
Great distances and a lack of light won’t pose a problem to you anymore.
Category: Body Enhancement – Ashen magic

Passive: Avatar of Ash
Increases your reflexes and speed by [30% + .5%/lvl].
Your ability to avoid damage to your vitals when dodging increases.
2nd stage: Your muscles grow more dense.
For each Resistance skill your body becomes tougher.
First tier Resistances equal a static 5% increase, second tier equal a static 10% increase, third tier equal a static 15% increase.*
3rd stage: You can choose to allow magic damage to bypass your related resistance skills.
Effect is canceled automatically upon reaching 50% of your health.
Each Resistance skill in the second tier or higher increases the potential density of your created ash by a static 5%.*
Category: Body Enhancement – Ashen magic
*see IlleaSpears.txt for 2nd/3rd tier Density calculations

Passive: Keeper of Ash
You are one with the fighting style of Ash.
Damage inflicted with your own body and while shrouded in Ash is [50% + .5%/lvl] higher.
2nd stage: Adds density to your bones, muscles and skin to increase strength, speed and damage.
Base body weight is doubled.
3rd stage: Reduces stamina consumption by a static 35%.
Category: Body Enhancement
