The Primordial Arbiter

Vitality +50
Intelligence +30
Wisdom +50

Space Magic is improved by 300%
Resilience is increased by 500%
Body Enhancement Magic is improved by 100%
Flesh Magic is improved by 100%
Healing Magic is improved by 100%
Mind Magic is improved by 100%
Ice Magic is improved by 100%
Lava Magic is improved by 100%
Earth Magic is improved by 100%
Your Soul has been strengthened by the Flame of Creation

Active – Primordial Shift
Expending a large amount of mana and health, you can temporarily shift the matter of your flesh itself.
Absorb a part of all magic that touches you depending on your understanding and resistance.
All regeneration and healing is doubled in this state.
Your movements are impaired as your very form is rejected by the laws of reality that surround you.
2nd stage: Resilience bonuses from skills are doubled when entering the Primordial Shift.
During the shift, you cannot be moved by anything but your will.
Your weight increases ten fold while this spell is active.
3rd stage: The Flame of Creation wills itself into existence, your control and its power increasing dramatically while Primordial Shift is active.
Category: Space Magic – Flesh Magic – Healing Magic
*mp/sec = 75,150,300,600,1200,2400,repeats

Active – Fires of Creation [E]
Let the fires erupt, burning away your health in the exchange for devastating power.
All of your spells and your body are infused with the Flame of Creation, dealing lingering damage to health, mana, and magical constructs.
You are immune to stunning, fear, and shout abilities.
Your resilience is increased by [40% + .5%/lvl].
2nd stage: The pale flame settles within your core.
The Fires of Creation now affect enemy health regeneration.
This effect is higher for areas directly touched by the Flame of Creation.
3rd stage: Your experience with Fires of Creation allows you to infuse your magical constructs with its effects.
For each level in the third tier, the skill’s upkeep is reduced by a static [25/lvl] points of health per second and you may sacrifice an additional static [250/lvl] points of health per second to enhance the skill’s effects.
The flames of creation return [2.5% +.25%/lvl] of all health and mana burned away so long as the spell is active.
Category: Aura – Body Enhancement – Space Magic
*Discount only counts 3rd tier levels

Active – Fabric Tear [E]
Shift space to your will, making objects or people appear somewhere else.
2nd stage: Magical constructs are now affected by Fabric Tear.
You may change the orientation of the objects you displace.
3rd stage: You may choose two flat areas and connect them through space.
At the time of marking an area, it has to be within the range of Fabric Tear.
Areas have to be connected within one day of activating the spell.
Three sets of connections can be upheld at a time with exponential costs.
Category: Space Magic

Passive – Reality Warp
Space wields easier for you, allowing you to unravel its mysteries.
Teleportation abilities can be used again three times as fast and you can travel ten times as far.
You notice fissures between realms at a distance of 50 [200] kilometers.
This distance can vary depending on the size and extent of the fissure.
2nd stage: Prevent enemy teleportation spells within a sphere around you at a radius of 50 meters.
You cannot teleport while this skill is active.
3rd stage: Your understanding of space magic grows.
You learn to latch on to ongoing teleportation spells with your own teleportation abilities.
Long range and channeled teleportation spells have their range doubled and their cooldown as well as cost reduced by half.
Category: Space magic

Passive – Primordial Flesh [E]
The flame of creation flows through your veins, increasing your resilience by [15% + .5%/lvl].
Increases your physical damage resistance by [5% + .1%/lvl].
Increases your magic damage resistance by [5% + .1%/lvl].
You won’t be fazed anymore by heavy damage or powerful sources of light and sound.
Your natural regeneration can heal any injury.
2nd stage: Your body has withstood incredible damage, endured the hardships of battle.
The fires flowing through you have hardened your bones and muscles.
Your health is increased by [10% + .2%/lvl].
3rd stage: Your ability to adapt to your enemy grows.
Continued battle against the same foe or species of monster increases damage reduction against their attacks by [0.5% + .05%/lvl] per minute to a maximum of a static 50%.
This effect will remain even after a battle has ended.
The primordial flesh is released should you reach one point of health.
Your remaining mana will be used to create both spatial shields and rapid growths of flesh to prevent death.
This effect can only occur once every six hours.
Category: Body enhancement – Space Magic – Flesh Magic

Passive – Space Manipulation [E]
You have learned to see and manipulate the ever present spatial fabric.
You gain the ability to move anything within the fabric with a mere gesture.
2nd stage: Further understanding of the spatial fabric allows you to manipulate its forces with greater ease and higher intensity.
You learn to perceive even the tiniest ripples in space.
In the case of active fissures, you find yourself able to peer into the other side.
You gain the ability to anchor a spatial pocket to your very essence.
Storage increases with the skill’s level.
3rd stage: You have peered through the fabric of space itself and have learned to unravel its intricate structure.
You gain the ability to perceive and differentiate magical frameworks and how to manipulate them within your space without failure.
Charge simple manipulation attempts with up to 250 [3250] points of mana.
Charge is limited to a static 500 mana per second.
You learn how to damage existing frameworks.
Results may vary.
Category: Body Enhancement – Space Magic


Untaken:
Active – Spear of Creation
Wield the fire of creation as an extension of your arms. The spear is especially useful against magical defenses.
2nd stage: Sacrifice health to double the range of your spear. Spear of Creation gains bonus damage the lower your health reaches.
Category: Fire Magic – Space Magic

Active – Burst of Creation
Let the fires spread, creating a sphere of lingering flames around yourself.
2nd stage: Burst of Creation can be used much more frequently and the fires now move with you at their center as they expand.
Category: Fire Magic – Space Magic

Active – Force
Push away or stop objects, constructs, and people from reaching you with Space magic.
2nd stage: The strength of Force is increased against schools of magic you are familiar with.
You may use Force freely within its sphere of influence, pushing in each direction.
Category: Space Magic – Aura

Active – Shrouding Cloak
Invoke Space magic to hide yourself or objects in your vicinity in plain sight.
2nd stage: Shrouding Cloak now affects sound and smell.
Category: Space Magic – Aura

Active – Blazing Force Shield
Form a shield of fire before you that will devour spells and objects alike.
2nd stage: You gain mana from devoured spells.
Category: Fire Magic – Space Magic

Passive – Dimension storage
You gain a personal dimensional storage space allowing you to store and retrieve unliving physical items at your will.
Category: Space Magic

Passive – Lull of Battle
You are one with war and battle. Less Endurance is needed the longer you fight.
Category: Aura – Body Enhancement

@400:
Active – Ward of Creation
Summon a shield of flame that floats around you. The Ward blocks and absorbs spells, growing in power. When the Ward has reached maximum capacity, you may unleash the stored up energy in a blast of fire.
Category – Fire Magic - Space Magic

Active – Force Projectile
Unleash an invisible blast of concentrated space magic.
Category – Space Magic

Active – Force Tear
Use space magic to tear out or damage a part of your enemy.
Category – Space Magic

Passive – Space Drift
Move your body with space magic. Increased mana expenditure enhances the speed of flight.
Category: Body Enhancement – Space Magic

Passive – Space Telepathy
Learn to communicate through space itself, forming thoughts into perceivable concepts for space aware sapient beings.
Category: Body Enhancement – Space Magic
