‘ding’ ‘Following requirements have been met. Has reached level 500 or has unlocked an additional class beyond the limitations of their race.
Core skill points have been unlocked.
Core skill points replace Class specific third tier skill points.
Additional options have been unlocked

‘ding’ ‘Following requirements have been met. Has reached level 500 in three Classes as a human. Has enhanced a total of at least fifteen Class skills with a minimum of one skill in each Class.

‘ding’ ‘Following requirements have been met. Has enhanced ten or more skills as a human. Has fought and killed a being above level 1500 while alone and while below level 750. Is known by name or alias to at least 100’000 beings. Is seen as a god by at least 1000 beings.

[3rd tier Class Skill Point] – [Advance a Class skill to the third tier – Cost: 1]
[Stat Gain]                  – [Gain 50 stat points to distribute freely – Cost: 2]
[Skill Boost]                – [Increase the level of a skill. Subdued effects at higher skill levels – Cost: 3]
[Add Class Modifier]         – [Add a random additional Class modifier to an existing Class - Cost: 10]
[Skill Enhancement]          – [Enhance a fully leveled third tier Class skill by resetting it to 3rd lvl 1 – Cost: 5]
[Locked]
[Derivative General Skill]   – [Learn a General skill based on frequently used Class techniques – Cost: 3]
[Mythical Title]             – [Unlock the option to add a mythical title to your status. You will identify as such to all beings without specialized skills to gain more insight into your being. Provides additional benefit depending on title chosen. Titles can be changed once per week – Cost: 10]

You have survived an untouched Arcane Shift – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have visited the Great Salt – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have befriended a Mind Weaver – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have befriended a Fae – 1 Core skill point awarded
A song about you has spread to five cities – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have trained with a Lightning Elemental – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have reached the speed of sound – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have unlocked Third tier General skills – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have ridden a Trakorov – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have absorbed pure Arcane energy – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have entered the Home of the Fae – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have unlocked 10 third tier General skills – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have helped create three new classes – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have unlocked 50 resistance skills – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have unlocked the Soul Perception skill – 1 Core skill point awarded
You have unlocked a Third Class – 1 Core skill point awarded

‘ding’ ‘You have found and destroyed those you had feared – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have reached one thousand Wisdom – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘Successfully infiltrated the Izacan dungeon – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have activated the Armaments of Trials bestowed to you – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have cleared a major human settlement of a city wide infestation – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have found a new realm. Again. And you faced some of its more powerful residents in battle – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have met and fought an Astral Spirit – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You hugged an ancient and powerful creature to show emotional support – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have reached 1000 Vitality. One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have reached 1000 Intelligence. One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘Okay. You can pretty much ignore chaotic Arcane Storms – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have secured the continued survival of the Pale Ones – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have secured the continued survival of the Awakened Willows – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have secured the continued survival of the Wildflower Ants – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have secured the continued survival of the Rock Beetles – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You win – One Core skill point awarded’   #argument vs Meadow
‘ding’ ‘You have met a mature Ice Elemental and didn’t die – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have ridden an Ice Elemental into battle – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have successfully distracted a Daughter of Sephilon – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have saved an incomprehensible being from its dying realm – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived the Seeking Wrath of Lumian spell while below level one thousand – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have laid to rest the lost spirit of Lumian, freeing both her and the people she had sworn to protect – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have defeated a four mark creature while alone before reaching level 500 – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived and prevailed in battle against a level 800 foe despite brain death and continued damage to your body – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived an encounter with an Elven Monarch – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have escaped Iz, saving both yourself and your team – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have defeated a Mature Bluetail in its preferred environment – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have seen a Leviathan and lived to tell the tale – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have defeated the Terror of Krahen Keep – One Core skill point awarded.
‘ding’ ‘You have defeated a Scorching Wyrm – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived the Semblance of Light spell – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have found common ground with the notoriously irritable Horned Tunneler Serpent – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have unlocked three unique Classes – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived the Blade Tempest spell, one Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have challenged Audur, Guardian of the West – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have fought a Dragon – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived the Cleansing Flame – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have escaped Audur’s domain – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have effortlessly slaughtered a four mark creature – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived the Maze of Emptiness spell – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have reached level 500 in three Classes while being human – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have resisted the runic circle of absolute control – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have helped remove the defensive enchantments of the Soul Forge – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You drank tea from the famous personal collection of Khan Joggoth while the remains of his soul are within a Fae sitting on your shoulder – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have communicated with an Earth Elemental – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have challenged an Earth Elemental – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived an extended battle with an Earth Elemental – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have faced the Guardians of the Sphere and survived – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have single handedly demolished the Eternal Guard – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived an earnest battle with the Desert Chosen – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have escaped a facility designed by Ker Velor – One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived – One Core Skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have resisted the ? of ч̼͔̭у̹̘̫̻ж͎̞̘̖͢о̧͕̜й̳̗̹̜̥̣ͅ. One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You were seen. One Core skill point awarded’
‘ding’ ‘You have survived the Sphere of Nothing spell – One Core skill point awarded’
