1:
‘bing’ ‘You have met the requirements for a class change: Azarinth Healer 
– Knowledge about the basics of Azarinth fighting stances and Azarinth healing, 
Survived the change invoked by the Bluemoon Grass.’
‘The Azarinth Healer is not exactly what the name might portray. 
A close quarters fighter that chooses an unarmed style of combat to both heal and destroy. 
Enhanced by an ancient technique of magic their bodies become resistant to even the strongest of attacks and heal at a rapid pace.’
‘Would you like to change to this class. Bonuses and skills will be applied after doing so.’

50:
For reaching level 50 in Azarinth Healer and having five class specific skills in the second tier you have learned the skill Passive: Azarinth Perception

1:
‘bing’ ‘You have met the requirements for a class change: Fire Mage 
– Manipulated mana into fire for more than thirty seconds. Basic understanding of fire.
‘The Fire Mage is the most basic of fire based mages. She controls the flames and leaves only ash in her path.’
‘Would you like to change to this class. Bonuses and skills will be applied after doing so. Attention, only one class slot is free, choose wisely.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Fire mage becomes Fire Enhancer. 
No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– Become one with the flame. Clad your body in fire for more than ten minutes while being in control of the flames. 
Have Fire Manipulation at level 10 or higher.
‘The Fire Enhancer becomes one with the flame. She controls the flames to strengthen her own body and abilities. Fire flows within her blood.’

100:
‘bing’ ‘You have met following conditions: Reached lvl 100 in Azarinth Healer. Reached at least 2nd lvl 15 of both Destruction and Reconstruction in the Azarinth Healer class.’

100:
‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Fire Enhancer becomes Pyro Enhancer. 
No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– Become one with the flame. Have the Fire Enhancer class at lvl 100 or more. Leveled the skill Body of Flame to the 2nd Stage.’
‘The Pyro Enhancer is a master of the flame. She is both a master of the fire within herself and the one she wields in ranged battles.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Fire Enhancer becomes Ash Wielder. 
No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– You are the wielder of ash. Have a fire related body enhancement class at lvl 100 or more. 
Have a total of at least three Body Enhancement skills in the 2nd stage. Hand to hand combat has been used primarily in fights. 
Has brushed death more than ten times in the past week.
‘You are the smoldering heat left by fire. Ember glows within you as an ashen mist shrouds your form.’

150:
‘bing’ ‘You have met following conditions: Reached level 150 in Ash Wielder class. Reached at least lvl 15 in Ash and Ember Manipulation.’  Passive: Ashen Wings 

200:
‘ding’ ‘You have reached level 200 in your primary class. 3rd tier skills are now available.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth Healer becomes Azarinth High Priest.
No current stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– You have healed many on your path to strength. Has saved one hundred people from certain death. Leveled the skill Reconstruction to the end of the 2nd stage. Has the Azarinth Healer class at lvl 200 or higher.
‘The Azarinth High Priest is only second to the elders. She has laid down the path of war to save lives and is a beacon of light for the weary on her path.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth Healer becomes Azarinth Juggernaut.
No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– You have proven yourself unmovable. Has killed five beings with fifty levels above their own. Has killed a being one hundred levels above their own. Leveled the skills Destruction and State of Azarinth to the end of the 2nd stage. Has the Azarinth Healer class at lvl 200 or higher.
‘The Azarinth Juggernaut is the elite of the Azarinth order. She is sent in against all odds and stands against hordes of enemies, supported by her brothers and sisters in arms. Combined with High priests and heavy artillery she builds the core of the Azarinth fighting force.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth Healer becomes Azarinth blood Berserker.
No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– You have proven yourself unkillable. Has killed a being two hundred levels above their own. Has killed five beings with one hundred levels above their own. Has fought fifty beings above their level at the same time and won. 
Has regenerated 50% of their body on their own after winning a fight. Has leveled at least four skills of Azarinth Healer to the second stage. Leveled the skills Destruction and Azarinth Fighting to the end of the 2nd stage. Has the Azarinth Healer class at lvl 200.
‘The Azarinth blood Berserker is a rare elite fighter of the order. Myths and legends are shrouded around this warrior and only few have seen one fight. They are only unleashed at great peril and will slay thousands before they fall. Their regeneration and resilience is as feared as is their blood-lust.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth Healer becomes Azarinth First Hunter.
No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
– You are the first hunter, the strongest of your kind. Has fought and killed ten beings with fifty levels above their own while alone. Has fought and killed a being at full power one hundred levels above their own while alone. 
Has leveled at least five skills of Azarinth Healer to the second stage, at least three of them to the end of the second stage. Has at least ten Resistance skills at lvl 5 or above. 
Must have the Fear and Mental Resistance skills. Has the Azarinth Healer class at lvl 200.
‘The Azarinth First Hunter is often sent alone on scouting missions to unknown lands and dungeons or used to hunt and kill priority targets otherwise untouchable. 
They often prefer a more solitary lifestyle and are feared even by the elders. Never more than ten First Hunters have existed at the same time.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Ash Wielder becomes Ashen Warrior. No current stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
–You have fought and killed at least a hundred enemies while in the Form of Ember. Has Ashen Warrior in the 2nd stage. 
Has the Ash Wielder class at lvl 200 or higher.’
‘The Ashen Warrior has embraced Ash and uses it to confuse and fight her enemies.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Ash Wielder becomes Bound Ash of Kroiin. No current stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
–You follow the path of Kroiin, the great calamity. Has Ashen Warrior, Form of Ember and Eyes of Ash in the 2nd stage. Has the Ash Wielder class at lvl 200.’
‘The Bound Ash of Kroiin is frenzied by battle, the path of death and destruction following them to all places. 
As the great father of Kroiin has foretold his sons and daughters will bring death to all living and return all to ash.’

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Ash Wielder becomes Inheritor of Eternal Ash. No current stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable 
–You have followed the path of Ash. Has Shroud of Ash and four other Ash Wielder skills in the 2nd stage. 
Has fifteen or more Resistance skills, three or more of which in the 2nd stage. Has the Ash Wielder class at lvl 200.’
‘The Inheritor of Eternal Ash has chosen to shroud herself in the powerful and eternal ash. Many have tried to end her and just as many have failed. 
She marches onwards, stronger and calmer but the Ember deep down burns hotter than ever, waiting to break out of its protective shell.’

300:
‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes Azarinth Elder. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
You have pushed yourself to the pinnacle of humanity and thus deserve to carry the name of Elder. Leveled at least five Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Carries the skill Meditation at the end of the second tier. Has an Azarinth class at level 300 or higher.
The Elders of the Azarinth Order pave the way to the future. Conquest and expansion are theirs to plan and execute. They have the power to rebuild what was lost. Known to be strategic minds, an elder leading a group of Azarinth Healers might very well be unstoppable.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes Beast of Azarinth. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Your blood lust permeates all. Leveled at least eight Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Destruction and Azarinth Fighting in the third tier. Has killed at least 1000 higher leveled beings. Has sustained 1000 heavy injuries. Has an Azarinth class at level 300.
Far from the path of the once powerful healing order, they have chosen to seek their own power and the destruction of life itself. Fueled by hatred and blood the Beast of Azarinth marches on, unable to find or bring peace. Forbidden magic of Death corrupts the power once destined to heal and mend.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes Azarinth Pioneer. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Adventure is your second name. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Has traveled where no human dares to go, has survived natural dangers capable of decimating armies. Founded a settlement or discovered a lost city. Has an Azarinth class at level 300.
The Pioneer has chosen their own path, discovering the forgotten and perfecting their skills and powers. Be it erupting volcanoes, the waves of the ocean or blizzards cold enough to freeze their very blood, nothing will stop their want for adventure. Powerful regeneration and constitution come with their mantle.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes Azarinth Destroyer. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
You have no equal in battle. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Has Destruction, State of Azarinth and Azarinth Fighting in the third tier. Has killed an enemy above level 500. You have fought hordes of enemies above your own level and prevailed. Has the Azarinth First Hunter class at level 300.
The Destroyer is a rare sight to behold. A master of Azarinth Magic, each strike powerful and with intent. They move over the battlefield with grace, leaving nothing behind. The true power of the Azarinth Order or anybody they would choose to join. Their Strength is second to none, cracking even steel with their fists.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes The Azarinth Wayfarer. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
The unfathomable. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Has Blink and State of Azarinth in the third tier. Has killed an enemy above level 600. Has traveled to another realm and returned. Has the Veteran skill at level 5 or higher. Speaks two languages. Has the Azarinth First Hunter class at level 300.
The Azarinth Wayfarer has grasped the impossible nature of magic, has crossed the boundaries between realms. True understanding will follow those unwilling to accept the status quo. They are a master of their surroundings, of space itself.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes Azarinth Regenerator. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
More monster than man. Leveled eight Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Has Hunter Recovery and State of Azarinth in the third tier. Has killed ten enemies above level 500. Has ten Resistance skills at level 5 or higher. Has Pain Tolerance in the second tier. Has lost either head or all limbs in battle before recovering. Has the Azarinth First Hunter class at level 300.
The Azarinth Regenerator fears no enemy. Be it ice or fire, they stand against it unmoving. Bearers of the pain they have suffered, unwilling to accept defeat. Virtually unkillable they are prepared to face whatever may move into their path, their bodies mere weapons, tools to be used.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes Avenger of Azarinth. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
A hunter unmatched. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Has Destruction, Azarinth Fighting and State of Azarinth in the third tier. Has killed ten enemies at full power above level 400 while alone. Has five General skills in the second tier. Has participated in acts of revenge, found and killed those responsible. Has lost limbs in the midst of battle and continued the fight. Has the Azarinth First Hunter class at level 300.
An avenger stopping at nothing to bring justice to those deserving. Judge and executioner, powerful and deadly enough to hunt down any target they deem unworthy. Unstoppable and fueled by the magic of Azarinth, healing any injury that might delay them, their bodies mere arbiters of revenge.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Azarinth First Hunter becomes The Azarinth Sentinel. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Life and Death. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the second tier. Has Destruction, Hunter Recovery, Azarinth Fighting and State of Azarinth in the third tier. Has killed ten enemies at full power above level 500 while alone. On their own, has faced hordes of enemies above their own level and prevailed. Has fifteen or more Resistance skills in the second tier, two or more at the highest level. Has helped and healed strangers of various races, unasked for or even meeting hostility. Risked their life for others on multiple occasions. Has the Azarinth First Hunter class at level 300.
The Azarinth Sentinel has reached the pinnacle of Azarinth magic, mastering its style while not forgetting their roots. A healer at heart they seek to mend the wounds of those they deem close and strangers alike. True veterans of battle they have chosen a path most peculiar. Savior to one and Destroyer to another. Their bodies forged into weapons, their mana overpowering all. A force of their own, to decide on the fate of beings.

300:
‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Inheritor of Eternal Ash becomes Empress of Eternal Ash. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
The ruler. Leveled at least five ashen magic skills to the end of the second tier. Has Ash Creation and Ash and Ember Manipulation in the third tier. Has trained with the ruler of a nation. Identifies as Female. Has the Inheritor of Eternal Ash class at level 300.
The Empress rules over all, her ashen magic an iron fist controlled and used to her advantage. She will conquer and rule, all shall burn and kneel.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Inheritor of Eternal Ash becomes Glutton of Cinders. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Consumption unending. Has ten skills in Inheritor of Eternal Ash at the end of the second tier. Has enough food with them to feed a small town. Owns a restaurant. Has risked breaking the law and considered cold blooded murder to protect a cook. Has the Inheritor of Eternal Ash class at level 300.
A glutton of cinders grows in power equal to their weight. Fueled by the lust to eat they ignore injuries and pain. Their jaw strength has enough force to break through steel. With their supportive elemental magic, few may stand in their way. All will be eaten.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Inheritor of Eternal Ash becomes Sharpshooter of Eternal Ash. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Unseen death. Has ten skills in Inheritor of Eternal Ash at the end of the second tier. Has the Heavy Archery skill as a general skill. Owns a storage item. Has killed ten enemies above their own level without being spotted and while alone. Has the Inheritor of Eternal Ash class at level 300.
An unusual combination of magic and the bow. The Sharpshooter of Eternal Ash has extraordinary sight and firepower to unleash death upon groups of enemies without ever being seen. They stalk the night and work alone. Mercenaries or adventurers they seek their prey and slay it silently.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Inheritor of Eternal Ash becomes Master of Eternal Ash. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Fire consumed, nothing withstanding. Has ten skills in Inheritor of Eternal Ash at the end of the second tier. Has the Ash Creation and Ash and Ember Manipulation skills at the third tier. Has killed at least 500 beings of a higher level using ashen magic. Has killed members of their own species. Has been betrayed. Has the Inheritor of Eternal Ash class at level 300.
True mastery comes with control, effort and time. The Master of Eternal Ash has grasped the true power of ash and ember, wielding them to the fullest of their destructive potential. Widespread and fast spells consume even the toughest enemies in everlasting flame, pierced by lances of ash. The battlefield bows to your power.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Inheritor of Eternal Ash becomes Berserker of Eternal Flame. No current stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Forever battling. Has ten skills in Inheritor of Eternal Ash at the end of the second tier. Has the Ashen Warrior skill in the third tier. Has battled and killed thousands of enemies at a higher level than themselves while alone. Has sustained critical wounds in battle and continued the fight. Has Heat Resistance in the second tier. Has at least twenty resistance skills. Has the Inheritor of Eternal Ash class at level 300.
The Berserker of Eternal Flame is untiring, unkillable and unforgiving. Their bodies becoming one with the flame, they consume and tear through their enemies, their wounds mere stepping stones on their way to power. Their mind is consumed by fire, their bodies weapons of war.\

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: Inheritor of Eternal Ash becomes Kin of Ash. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
One of Ash. Has ten skills in Inheritor of Eternal Ash at the end of the second tier. Has Veil of Ash, Form of Ash and Ember, Ash Creation, Ash and Ember Manipulation and Ashen Warrior in the third tier. Has Fear Resistance at level five or higher. Has fought beings beyond their comprehension while alone. Has fought and defeated ten or more enemies above level 500 while alone. When faced with certain death, has trusted their body and the ash around them to prevail. Has found beauty in ash beyond destruction. Has the Inheritor of Eternal Ash class at level 300.
Kin to Ash itself. Their body clad in armor, unyielding. Their body smoldering with embers, unforgiving.

350:
‘ding’ ‘Following requirements have been met. Has unlocked at least one unique class. All class skills leveled into the third tier. Has defeated a level 750 creature or higher without assistance. You have fought and survived three battles against a level 1000 creature or higher. Has significantly contributed to the defeat of one or more level 1000 creatures or higher.
You have proven to be truly extraordinary. The potential of one additional Class has been unlocked.
Additional Classes exceeding your race’s limitations will have subdued effects. They cannot be chosen as main Classes due to their abnormal nature.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Demonic Herald. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The unknown. Has slaughtered one thousand demons. Has forced a Mind Weaver into submission. Has instilled fear into one hundred sapient beings or more. Has the Mental Resistance and Pain Tolerance skills in the third tier. Has two classes at level 350 or higher. Has unlocked an additional class before reaching level 600.
The Demonic Herald wields fear and the arts of mind magic to subdue and conquer all. She slaughters those who stand in her way. The demon realm trembles at the call of her name, only spoken in whispers. Only those chosen shall stand by her side, her path destined for greatness. A vicious queen of death and pain wielding overwhelming magic as she leads her armies of beasts.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Ashen Lecturer. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The uncompromising. Has inspired fear and pain in her students. Has helped create two or more Classes. Has broken and healed the minds of those taught. Has revealed secrets others would choose to keep even beyond death. Has discussed and learned from ancient beings. Has the Sage of Torment skill. Has the Pain Tolerance skill in the third tier. Has two classes at level 350 or higher.
The Ashen Lecturer is not to be questioned. She is the pinnacle of humanity, a being shrouded in myth. She inspires both fear and adoration in those who know her, sheltering her chosen in her mantle of power. Those she taught will be broken, rebuilt, and forged into monsters of their own. None shall stand in their way and even in the face of death, they shall fear only one.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Mad Shadow. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The heralded. Has defeated an army. Had at least three songs written about her. Is known in more than twenty cities. Has defeated her supposed peers with reasonable ease. Has the Veteran skill in the third tier. Has two classes at level 350 or higher.
The Mad Shadow is a legend born in Ravenhall. She has freed slaves, fought armies, and defeated unimaginable monsters. Her name has been invoked to force children to sleep, to threaten criminals, and even to frighten wild beasts. She is known to appear when danger is afoot, when creatures of the dark lurk in the shadows. Her name is a whisper, just like her form, a true Shadow that cannot be seen or heard, and yet it is there. Be wary.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Benevolent Knight Hero of the North. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The righteous. Has saved at least one settlement of destruction. Has saved a long forgotten King. Has allied with creatures others would dismiss as monsters. Has convinced a level 1000 being to help in battle. Has defeated an army. Has been knighted. Has been truthful in the face of adversity. Has risked her own life for that of another. Has two classes at level 350 or higher. Has unlocked an additional class before reaching level 700.
The Hero of the North is a being of noble spirit. She inspires devotion and affection wherever she goes, helping those below her stand or financial position without question. She is a savior to the weak, a knight in brilliant armor riding on a mighty and beautiful steed. The hero denies all praise, returning to her humble home when her people are safe yet again, waiting for the call to return. Stories will be written about her, songs telling of her benevolence and pure soul!

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Headless Horror. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The terrifying. Has lost her head multiple times. Has willingly donated her body to another. Has lost one hundred limbs. Has willingly taken fatal damage. Has sought out sources of pain and destruction to forge her body. Has instilled fear in thousands. Has the Flesh Magic Resistance and Monster Hunter skills. Has two classes at level 350 or higher. Has unlocked an additional class before reaching level 600.
The Headless Horror is a being of nightmare. Whoever finds themselves in her path can only pray for her lenience or hope to have something of interest to present. She is a monster, true to the word, using her body and limbs to attack in a vicious and uncontrolled manner. Nothing can kill nor stop her. A murderous disaster on one to three or more legs. She wields flesh and blood magic without regard for her own safety, until her enemies drown in her own or their blood. Run, for she has cometh.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Trakorov Rider. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The quite frankly, unhinged. Has ridden a Trakorov. Has two classes at level 350 or higher.
The rider and her steed will bring the end of time itself. If either can be woken from their slumber. She wields fire and molten rock, bathing her enemies in fury before they are crushed by the weight of her body. Everything will be burned, cooked, and devoured.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Arcane Touched. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The changed. Has survived in concentrated mana. Had lethal amounts of mana channeled through her. Has the Arcane Magic Resistance skill in the third tier. Has two classes at level 350 or higher.
The Arcane touched is a being attuned to the force of arcane itself. Her body is a weapon clad in the limitless depths of mana. Her thoughts and emotions are one with the will of nature. A recluse, seeking out the depths of the arcane. Only the most precious of mana will satisfy her on her quest to power.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class acquisition: The Faen Valkyrie. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other Classes may become unavailable -
The ferocious. Has saved three Fae with no ulterior motives. Has protected a Fae with their own life. Has befriended a rare murderous Fae and together has reveled in the joy of violence. Has marked an ancient being with the goal of protecting it. Has been welcomed into the domain of the Fae and survived without going mad. Has visited three different realms. Has the Arcane Magic Resistance, Space Magic Resistance, and Veteran skills in the third tier. Has two classes at level 350 or higher. Has unlocked an additional class before reaching level 500.
The Faen Valkyrie is a mysterious being that has befriended and fought at the side of the Fae. A being that not only found a violent member of the ancient and unchallenged collective but one that understood and bonded with this irregular. She is a being of battle, both resilient and destructive. Her body is a weapon to defend and one to execute judgment, enhanced by the Flame of Creation coursing through her veins. Her will shall bend space itself, no realm guarded from the storm she brings.

500:
‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes Monster of the North. Be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
You have lived among monsters. Leveled at least five Class skills to the end of the third tier. Has killed at least 3000 higher leveled beings in the North alone. Has cleared out a Blue Reaper nest. Has survived in the Northern Storms. Has delved into the Descent. Has the Veteran skill at the end of the second tier. Has killed 100 Miststalkers. Has a Class at level 500.
Leaving behind her past in the Human Plains, the Monster of the North has come to conquer and kill. Devastating fighting skills supported by high regeneration will make you impossible to stop. The corruption of both mind and blood have become your allies, wield them with impunity. None shall stand against you.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes The Azarinth Savior. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
You are the light. Leveled at least six Azarinth skills to the end of the third tier. Azarinth Reconstruction is at the end of the third tier. Has fought and survived against 10 four mark creatures. Has saved a settlement of at least 5000 inhabitants from destruction. Has healed those below their social standing without ulterior motives. Has risked her life to save another. Has killed a level 1000 being. Has an Azarinth class at level 500.
One revered and known for her actions. A hero to the downtrodden, a menace to those who would seek absolute power. She is a paladin of righteousness, a saint of healing and recovery. Thousands would feel her healing touch, to soothe their minds and bodies. She is not a mere healer, but a force of nature, standing in the way of contempt and corruption.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes The Astral Inquisitor. Be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
The Cosmos awaits you. Leveled at least eight Class skills to the end of the third tier. Has fought and survived against the Daughters of Sephilon. Has killed 1000 Astral Spirits. Has the Astral Magic Resistance at the end of the second tier. Has the Oxygen Repository skill in the second tier. Has visited at least three realms. Has flown beyond the atmosphere of a planetary object. Has killed a level 1250 being. Has a Class at level 500.
A rare human wielder of Astral Magic. Resilient and resourceful, the Inquisitor will move through realms and space itself. Unending is her hunger for the depths of magic, unending her desire to face those deemed gods of their worlds. Go forth beyond the horizons.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes Flesh Destroyer. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Flay and crush. Leveled at least eight Class skills to the end of the third tier. Has fought and killed a Terror. Has the Deviant of Humanity skill in the second tier. Has the Sage of Torment skill in the second tier. Has Pain Tolerance in the second tier. Has recovered from a thousand deadly wounds. Has killed a level 1000 being. Has a Class at level 500.
A path of blood, a rain of flesh. The Flesh Destroyer wields her body to the utmost of its capabilities, regenerating herself without equal. A master of flesh magic savoring both pain and fear, the damage done to you returned ten fold. Terror is wrought into the hearts of your enemies, death coming for them, their only hope a swift release. No pain or magic will stop your grand whims and perverse desires.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes The Sentinel Matriarch. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Foresight and Wisdom shall guide your path. Leveled at least eight Class skills to the end of the third tier. Has fought a four mark creature and survived. Has the Sage of Torment skill in the second tier. Has founded the Medic Sentinel Corps. Has the Teaching skill. Has taught at least fifty people and put them on the path of the Sentinels. Has at least thirty General skills. Has a Class at level 500.
The revered Lilith, matriarch of the Sentinel corps. She wields her Azarinth magic without equal, her wisdom and wealth pushing her organization towards continental influence. Already she is known for her power and valor, her students looking to her for guidance and inspiration. Consulted by kings and emperors, her choices will define the future of millions. Her Sentinels will roam the world, her name known at its very edges and for all of history.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes The Warrior Queen of Ravenhall. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
A peerless Warrior. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the third tier. Defended the Alliance of Ravenhall against en entire army. Is known and feared among enemy troops. Has at least five songs written and sung about her. Has killed the Queen of another country. Has taken on the crown of a Queen. Has impressed even the most veteran Shadows. Has fought an Elder of the Shadow’s Hand. Owns at least half of Ravenhall. Has killed three level 1000 creatures. Has a Class at level 500.
Martial rule will bring prosperity. A hero to her people, feared by those who would take their lands. The Warrior Queen will not back down, her body indestructible and her fists unrelenting. Armies will falter against her alone, a true monster of the battlefield. Your reign will last until the day you die. An unlikely prospect with healing on your side and powerful organizations to back your claim. Nations shall fall to your whims, kings will bow to be spared.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes The Arcane Eternal. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
Unwavering power. Leveled ten Azarinth skills to the end of the third tier. Has 25’000 mana and 1500 Wisdom. Has visited at least three realms. Has absorbed magic from thousands of spells. Has unlocked third tier resistances. Has the Arcane Magic Resistance skill in the third tier. Has come to enjoy the Arcane Storms of the Northern regions. Has killed a level 1500 creature. Has killed three level 1000 creatures while alone. Has befriended at least three ancient creatures. Has an Azarinth Class at level 500.
The Arcane Eternal has evolved from the teachings of Azarinth Magic. A master of body enhancement to a degree few will ever think possible. Healing and Destruction go hand in hand, your ability to outlast even the most ferocious monsters in battle is unmatched. Enemy spells are merely fuel for your own near limitless mana, your body nigh indestructible, your attacks devastating beyond compare. Those you deem enemies will be no more. Choose your path, eternal.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes Cerithil Huntress. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
For life itself. Leveled at least six class skills to the end of the third tier. Has killed at least 10 Taleen Praetorians. Has killed a Taleen Executioner. Has befriended the Cerithil Hunters and has fought alongside them. Has killed a level 1000 being. Has the Deviant of Humanity skill. Has a class at level 500.
Few choose the cursed path of the Hunters, fewer even are not of Elven descent. You have proven yourself to the ancient species, have garnered their respect, and may now call yourself a Cerithil Huntress. Your magic will serve you well, regeneration and intrusion the abilities of an experienced hunter. A terror to the Taleen and those you call your enemies.

‘ding’ ‘Requirements met for class evolution: The Azarinth Sentinel becomes The Knight of Meadow. No current skills or stats will be lost, be aware that other evolutions and skills may become unavailable -
A studious student and fervent warrior. Leveled at least nine class skills to the end of the third tier. Has befriended the Meadow. Has a Class corresponding to one of the magic schools wielded by the Meadow. Is deemed righteous by the Meadow. Is deemed barely adequate by the Meadow. Has the Deviant of Humanity skill in the third tier. Has a class at level 500.
The true knight of the Meadow, righteous wielder of sword and shield, hero of the plains. For centuries she has studied under the glorious guidance of the great tree, perfecting her magic to the best of her abilities. For a mere human, she is truly, somewhat impressive.
