Ashen Limbs
You have mastered the ability to fight with limbs made entirely of ash. Required manipulation is reduced by 25%.
2nd stage: Increases the speed at which you can form ashen limbs by a static 25%.

Azarinth Barrier [Mythic]
Channel your mana through the Azarinth Star to form healing infused golden barriers of arcane magic around you.

Bulwark of Ash
Many times have you used walls of ash to defend yourself and your allies. Resilience of ashen walls is increased by 20%.
2nd stage: Required manipulation for wall like structures made of ash are reduced by a static 20%.

Dancing
The ability to move your body to music and to coordinate your movements with those around you or a partner. It’s really a surprise this took you so long, considering your dexterous body.

Deviant of Humanity
You face creatures most other humans have nightmares about, call beings your friends that occupy the pages of legends told by your kind.
You have reached a level of power that few humans will ever call their own. And yet you push onward, knowing of the dangers that wait in the dark.
You anticipate them. Welcome them. Those who would dismiss you may now take notice, should you wish for them to do so.
2nd stage: You remain human at your core but your actions have pushed you beyond the limitations of your species.
Inspire terror in the hearts of your own kind or those who would dismiss humanity, should you wish to do so. The status of a predator among its prey will be evident by your very presence.
3rd stage: You diverge further from what it means to be human. The magic you have come to call your own and the body once born human find themselves more compatible, their strengths fusing to show what you have become.

Drill
You have used your body and ash to form what is essentially a human powered drill. While quite silly, the devastating attacks showed results. Drills spin 50% faster.

Elos Standard Language
You can speak and read the Standard language of Elos.

English Language
You can speak the English Language.

Gourmet
You have consumed only high class cuisine for at least two weeks. You spare no expense, learning about dishes and the intricate combinations of taste through extravagant experiences.

Harmony of the Drowned
You have been submerged in liquid for longer than you should’ve survived.
You crave to become a creature of the deep and have proven that you will go any lengths to achieve that.
While your biology doesn’t strictly allow for gills, magic has its ways. You can stay submerged in liquid for much longer.

Heavy Archery
You have proven to be capable with a heavy bow, hitting your targets with destructive precision.
This skill will improve upon your capabilities, making the bow just a little easier to handle, its impact just a little higher.

Identify
You can grasp general information from someone or something.
2nd stage: Ascertain more details with Identify.
*Discord: 1st tier = 12+2 per level - second tier base is 24+3 per level in the second tier (+the 40 levels from tier 1) - So second tier max is 24+40(1st tier)+60(2nd tier)=124 levels
*2-1 should be 67 levels above

Meditation
While in the state of meditation you cannot move. 
Your mana and stamina regeneration is increased by a factor of [300% + 3%/lvl = 405%]. 
This factor is improved upon leveling up the skill.
2nd stage: Your familiarity with Meditation lets you move slowly while the skill is active.
3rd stage: Few ever reach this stage, normally through centuries of study and meditation. You have stood amidst death, trusting the flow of mana to be at your side.
Vast experience and understanding has changed your very core. The effects of Wisdom are doubled. Meditation is no longer limited by movement.

Minor Earth Manipulation
You have learned to manipulate earth and stone in a limited manner.
Category – Earth Magic

Minor Ice Manipulation
You have learned to form ice from surrounding sources of water and may manipulate it in a limited manner.
Category – Ice Magic

Minor Lava Manipulation
You have learned to form lava from surrounding sources of stone and may manipulate it in a limited manner.
Category – Lava Magic

Monster Hunter
Many times have you faced creatures well beyond your level. You revel in it, seek them out and you prevail. Your presence demands respect.
Imbue you voice to show your intent. Effects vary depending on your disposition as well as those affected and their levels in relation to yours.
2nd stage: You become better at communicating your intent. Infuse your voice with up to 100 mana to increase its range and effect on those that hear it.
Fully infused, you may lure even powerful creatures towards your location, depending on your intent.
3rd stage: You may communicate even more intricate messages to monsters of all kinds. Infusing your voice allows you to imitate the calls of generally lower leveled monsters you have previously heard.

Monstrous
You have achieved level 500, reaching the realm of true monstrosity. Those of your kind may not find it easy to accept your newfound nature.
You can choose to mask your power to those considerably weaker than you [230 levels below your highest Class level]. Specialized abilities or enhanced Identification may breach this ability.
2nd stage: You may choose to reduce the effects of your magical presence to those around you. People actively considering your presence will be able to pierce this veil.

Oxygen Repository
Due to unfortunate and/or sexual circumstances, you have been deprived of air for extended periods of time. Somehow you have pushed through to survive.
Your body has learned that it may not always be supplied with what it needs. You may survive much longer without oxygen and may store what little you can get for extended periods of time. Apologies for ruining your sex life.
2nd stage: Your body has adapted to a lack of oxygen. Extended periods without oxygen will weaken you significantly but will no longer be deadly as long as mana remains.

Sage of Torment
You have reached strength through pain and struggle. With time they have become companions on your way to power. As long as you train those willing, they shall find comfort and resilience in your presence.
You are an example of what is possible, through sheer tenacity. Also, you inflict a lot of pain.
2nd stage: You neither care for the species nor the home realm of your pupils, pushing them beyond what they imagined possible, or bearable.
You gain insight into the development of your pupils’ resistances, allowing you to mercilessly abuse any weaknesses and blockades. To better their abilities of course. Definitely that. No joy involved at all.

Soul Perception
Through sheer luck and naivete, you have achieved enlightenment. A part of it that is. And perhaps not really enlightenment. Others might call it that but it’s really just the ability to perceive your soul or essence.
It’s a dubious skill that might help philosophers understand a piece of life’s puzzle but for you it will be mostly useless. Congratulations regardless. A skill that didn’t require killing and blood to unlock. Marvelous.
2nd stage: You are able to gauge the presence of Essence in other beings, should they not be shielded against your perception.

Spear of Ash
You have mastered the ability to form and throw spears made of ash. Damage dealt with ashen spears is increased by 20%.
2nd stage: Ash formed into spear like shapes requires 50% less focus and harmony to maintain.

Teaching
Through time and effort did you share knowledge and experiences with those considered your students. You will find it easier to explain concepts as this skill reaches higher levels.

Telepathy
You learn to communicate with beings through thought alone. Initiate conversations with anything that may be receptive to this form of communication.
Category – Mind Magic

Veteran
You have experienced the shouts and spells of beings completely out of your range of imagination.
You will not survive but at least you won’t be completely immobilized while you get eaten. Good luck warrior.
2nd stage: You are immune to the fear of facing that which you do not understand.  Be wary, some might sense your arrogance in the face of power, others might fear it.
3rd stage: It seems you don’t just happen upon impossible fights, you outright look for them. Your confidence and experience is obvious, not just to yourself but others too.
Your second tier now extends to allies within a fifty meter radius, should you allow for such to happen. Additionally, your ability to gauge an unknown enemy’s power is vastly improved.

Warhammer Mastery
You have learned to use the Warhammer to an adequate capacity. This skill will let you handle the heavy weapon a little more easily. Your swings will move with just a little more weight and your balance will improve significantly.
