Arcane Magic Resistance
Wielding the true arcane is a rare and powerful talent only accessible to few.
The raw energies tear at not just flesh and bone but at the magical structure and minds of whomever faces them.
Its red glow turns purple the more refined it is.
This skill shall help you counter masters of the arcane.
2nd stage: Your flow of mana has been ruptured many times by the raw form of magic, making it substantially more resistant to both adept mages and natural occurrences of the true arcane.
3rd stage: You have survived both arcane storms and immeasurably dense pockets of mana. Your body has changed and adapted, both able to walk within mana sparse as well as highly saturated areas.
Constructs made from your mana become more resistant and substantial.

Ash Magic Resistance
You have found a being similar to your own, wielding magic you are not just familiar with but have mastered.
A small increase in your resistance but perhaps a new insight into your own connection to Ash itself.
2nd tier: You have faced wielders of ash and found their power lacking. You will find it easier to strip them of that which they deem to control. At the same time your experience will make it harder for enemies to do the same to you.

Astral Magic Resistance
The power of the stars, harnessed and used to wreak unimaginable destruction. Few beings are able to channel this power through their bodies. It would not come as a surprise to find a human, of all beings finding a way to modify their weak vessel for its use.
You should not let your encounters fool you, this school of magic is quite extraordinary and just as rare.
2nd stage: You have faced enough wielders of Astral Magic to warrant a second tier resistance. Your body is much less likely to disintegrate against this powerful school of magic.

Blast Resistance
Explosions can be an unpredictable and chaotic thing.
You have survived quite an impressive one to get this skill.
It will help you negate the damage ever so slightly for the next time you chose to stand in one.
2nd stage: Despite common sense, you just keep on doing it. Either you should start reading safety manuals or embrace that you are a true explosion elemental.
Your organs, bones, muscles and your skin become partially shock absorbent. Please stop.
3rd stage: It’s difficult to even find a source of power strong enough to warrant such a resistance. Congratulations? We worry about you.
Your bones and muscles have adapted to the stress you have put them under, weaving an even more intricate fabric of your ever increasing defensive capability.
*3rd tier apparently increases her weight, Ch489

Blight Resistance
A rare phenomenon often caused by ancient curse magic colliding with naturally poisonous, unclean or corrupting environments.
When wielded by a mage it can turn into a dangerous weapon.
2nd stage: You have survived blight exposure for prolonged periods of time. Weak spells or natural blight will not be able to penetrate past your skin anymore.

Blood Magic Resistance
The arts of blood manipulation can be deceptive and dangerous to both ally and foe.
You have stood against the old magic and lived. Next time your chance of survival will be even higher.
2nd stage: Masters of this ancient art have found ways to use the very essence of your life against you.
With sheer ferocity, you have shown that not every creature born of blood is prey alone.
They will find it a challenge to invade and use what belongs to you alone.
3rd stage: Your very blood has changed and evolved. While it may still be susceptible to change and foreign influence, it will not take the abuse lightly.
Enemies will find their blood magic will demand a sacrifice should they choose to injure you. You may deactivate this effect.

Blood Manipulation Resistance
A rare gift similar to poisons having an effect with dangerous results.
Your blood was tampered with through magic but you have survived, making it harder for the next attempt by your enemy.
2nd stage: Stop putting weird substances you find into open wounds.
Perhaps your parents told you that playing in dirt was good for your immune system but there are limits. Your body can now fight blood manipulation actively.

Bone Magic Resistance
The ability to shift, grow and use ones own body to gain an advantage in battle is as old as magic itself. A skill which many humans had mastered in a time before language.
Now most of that knowledge is gone and few remain to practice these arts. You have faced it in battle and survived. Of course you did. Sigh.
2nd stage: You seem to really love bone magic. Due to the prolonged exposure and your increasing understanding of its structure, your own skeleton becomes more robust.
Both bone magic attacks and anything else trying to break or injure your bones will have a harder time inflicting significant damage.

Corrosion Resistance
Many substances can be corrosive.
Even the strongest stone will be cut through by the right combination of chemicals.
You have been exposed to more corrosion than many others and with this skill your resistance to many substances will be heightened.
2nd stage: Your insatiable need to melt and dissolve your body has changed its structure significantly.
Your very cells have become more resistant to change and imbalance.

Crystal Resistance
Crystals aren’t just shiny decorations to old ruins and caves.
You have learned that the arcane scholars have found ways to turn the beautiful natural phenomenon into something quite more deadly.
Less deadly to you with this skill.
2nd stage: Your body adapts, crystal growth and transmutation now exponentially harder to achieve on your tissue.

Curse Resistance
Curses are seldom cast and even more seldom survived.
You are one of few individuals to tell the tale.
Not a pleasant one to be sure but with this skill you might be able to survive it again should the need arise.
3rd stage: You must be the arch nemesis of several ancient cults, orders, and gods themselves. Curses meant to empower the effects of other magics on you now fail to apply such.
Curses meant to inhibit your movement or teleportation now fail to apply those effects. You understand the basic ideas induced in a curse if it has been cast in the last week or if you analyze it for extended periods of time.

Dark Magic Resistance
You have stood against a being of true darkness.
Its magic was not able to pierce your defenses and you stand to tell the tale.
This skill will help you repeat such actions.

Death Magic Resistance
Common in the deepest and most depraved parts of the world, the magic of death itself seeks nothing but to destroy, to rot and kill.
It is difficult to survive but to someone like you, what is death but another challenge?
2nd stage: Necromancers, Blood, and Death mages hate you.
Your blood, bones and your body are mostly unusable in their rituals.

Devour Resistance
A specialty school of magic combining the perfect control of one’s body, blood, and mana to create a unique blend of highly destructive spells.
Both used to damage the enemy’s defenses and body with the benefit of partial health absorption. This school of magic can only be used by those with extensive knowledge and experience.
Your survival either means a lack of willingness to kill by your enemy or an incredible defensive repertoire that rivals your opponent’s magical prowess.
Coupled with Blood Magic, Arcane Magic, and Health Drain Resistances, this new skill is just as specialized against Devour magic as that school of magic itself.
2nd stage: Really? Why? Your body refuses to be eaten by Devour magic. You should work on your diplomatic skills.

Diamond Magic Resistance
A considerably hard substance, capable of channeling powerful mana if the user understands its properties.
Rarely seen due to the required gems and necessary fundamental understanding and connection to its composition.
2nd stage: Through long term exposure and thousands of injuries, your skin has adapted some of the diamond’s properties, its durability increased.

Divination Magic Resistance
Be it seers, oracles, or madmen. Undeniably there are those gifted with the ability to pierce the veils of space and time itself.
You must be important enough to warrant special attention, leading to a resistance to such magic.
If anything, this new ability will increase said attention but at the very least, your most private moments might not be so easily perceived.

Dust Magic Resistance
Dangerous and elusive magic answering to few who seek its complexity, understand its beauty.
You have faced a mage of dust and lived, preparing you for the next confrontation, should it come to pass.

Earth Magic Resistance
The earth trembles as arcane beings bend its nature to their will.
You have found stone and earth to be a worthwhile opponent yet stood unmoving in its destructive path.
This skill will help you negate more of its damage.
2nd stage: Your skin and bones harden, adapting more and more to the element that threatened your life again and again.
3rd stage: You have faced true masters of Earth magic, gaining a better understanding of its substance. You are able to traverse through earth and stone far more easily than before. This effect is reduced with magically created or controlled earth and stone.

Emerald Magic Resistance
Vine magic is a magic school closely associated with water and earth, often used to entrap creatures where trees and vegetation is naturally abundant.
Emeralds have the ability to create vines from magic. Acute control and high understanding is necessary to achieve a usable result.
2nd stage: You have been entrapped so many times that you find it easier than before to escape. Quick movements of your arms and hands, a twist of your torso, or a sudden jerk of your legs may be all you need to escape being bound.

Fear Resistance
You have overcome something truly terrifying to you.
Your ability to deal with non magical fear is increased.
2nd stage: You have experienced true terror, your very core shaken many times. You overcame or at least survived.
Even when your instincts are overwhelmed, you will find your mind calm enough to analyze the threat, your body warned but not paralyzed. Remain vigilant in the face of terror.

Flesh Magic Resistance
Not perhaps the prettiest of magic schools nor the most sanitary. Its ability to disturb and maim at the same time make it quite effective against those of higher thought.
For the same reasons it is rarely found used by humans or those who preach purity. You stood unwavering against its power, unimpressed and with the only intent to learn this skill.
Perhaps it would fit you.

Gold Magic Resistance
The power of this magic is not only measured by its direct combat application. Gold is a fascinating metal to many creatures and species. Its manipulation is not often achieved.
A precise form of magic, one that benefits from mana intrusion and the inherent flexibility of gold. You have gained a resistance, perhaps even more rare than manipulation itself.

Gravity Magic Resistance
A force of nature, bound and warped my magic itself.
Perhaps not noticing the damage dealt to your body, you have developed a way to resist this magic.
2nd stage: You remain firmly planted and understand a little of the intricacies of gravity.
A more practical sense that allows you to move in varied gravity with less difficulty.  Be it magical or otherwise.

Health Drain Resistance
Some creatures have the ability to drain your health.
You have been subjected to such a spell and have endured.
This skill will help you endure more easily and turn the tables on your enemies.
2nd stage: Your health is yours, with each point lost it will become more difficult to steal from you what is yours alone.

Heat Resistance
Ignoring the warnings of your parents and friends, you refuse to not stand in fire. 
This skill will help lessen the damage and pain a little.
2nd stage: You’ve been burnt and melted again and again.
Through extreme exposure, your skin, muscles and bones become much harder to burn and melt.
3rd stage: It is a mystery how the soul of a literal Volcano has found its way into your body, forcing you to seek out fire and heat as much as you do. Do you not see how melting your body is not a good idea?
The third tier lets you retain and use some of the flames and heat around you, should you choose to do so. They are still damaging of course but it seems you are beyond caring.

Ice Resistance
You have endured the biting cold of ice and lived to tell the tale.
One of the deadliest climates and magics will now be less dangerous to you with this skill.
2nd stage: Freezing temperatures no longer affect your body. It is not advised to jump in front of flying ice lances or to anger the spirits.

Lava Magic Resistance
An elemental form of molten rock, reserved for those few living in conditions most consider deadly.
You have met and fought such a being, its magic opposed by Heat and Earth magic resistance but ultimately something different, more primordial and ancient.
2nd stage: Your body can store heat more effectively, your skin and muscles less prone to melting. Lava has become to you like water is to others, its substance less restricting as you move through it.
3rd stage: You gain the ability to absorb heat from both within your body and your surroundings, effectively cooling yourself and your vicinity, allowing you to survive in high temperature environments.

Light Magic Resistance
The power of the sun harnessed and enhanced by magic.
You have experienced the burning heat of light and pushed ahead. This skill will help you be more resistant.
2nd stage: Staring into the light should have really blinded you at this point. Instead, you have gotten used to it. 
Your eyes are much less sensitive to the negative effects associated with light. You are mostly immune to sudden blinding changes, be they an abrupt abundance or lack of light.
3rd stage: You have been exposed to incredible sources of light magic. Your body has gained the ability to absorb some of the properties of the light around you, allowing you to see even in the absence of light as long as you have been exposed in the past week.
Damaging natural occurrences of certain wavelengths no longer pass through you but are instead absorbed, should you wish for such to happen. Excess energy will be transformed into both heat and mana.

Lightning Resistance
Either in a storm or fighting a ferocious beast blessed by lightning you have resisted. This skill will help further with your endeavors.
2nd stage: You are so familiar with Lightning that your body can transform a fraction of the energy into Mana and Stamina.
3rd stage: The spread of lightning within your body is slowed down significantly and with sufficient practice, you may redirect a part of the power out once more.

Mana Drain Resistance
Rare foes will have the ability to drain your mana.
Either for their own use or simply to weaken you.
Having encountered one such being, you have learned of its destructive effect.
This skill will help you reduce the effect any mana draining abilities will have on you.
2nd stage: Your mana is bound to you, making it harder for anybody to drain it from you.
In addition the mana removed from you damages the enemy, should they desire to use it for themselves.
This effect increases with every point of mana lost.
3rd stage: Mana formed within you is intrinsic to your very essence. Any being that dares to steal what does not belong to them shall find themselves poisoned by your arcane power.
Enemies take damage over time for each point of your mana in their pool.

Mental Resistance
You are more adept at resisting and detecting attacks to your mind.
2nd stage: Your mind is nearly impenetrable. Attacks on your mind will be partially reflected, causing harm to the attacker.
3rd stage: Your mind is a bright shield and warning to anyone that dares attack it. You can pin point attackers and gain a general idea of their mind magic capabilities.
You gain the capability to initiate mental contact with those that are receptive, sending simple thoughts and feelings.

Mist Magic Resistance
Mist magic is a rare talent, found in students of the arcane adept in both wind and water magic.
It is an elusive power, difficult to wield yet ultimately destructive and impossible to avoid.
You have faced it and lived. This skill will help you do so again.
2nd stage: Through increasing exposure you have learned to stop the elusive mist from passing through you.

Obsidian Magic Resistance
A rare form of steel manipulation requiring a strong mind and an abundance of Obsidian.
Like many obscure schools of magic, its powers are varied and flexible, molded by their masters.
Your body has suffered heavy damage from such magic, making it a little more resistant.

Pain Tolerance
Being a bit of a masochist, you have learned to ignore some of the pain.
No, only physical pain.
You’re feeling a little more numb towards pain but careful...the damage is still being done!
2nd stage: You’ve been through more pain than most others.
You are now able to completely turn off your perception of pain.
Be wary as there is a reason pain exists.
3rd stage: Pain comes in many forms. Pain to your body which you have learned to ignore. Pain to the mind itself which you have resisted. Pain to your soul, which you have endured.
A pain coming with the forces of magic, the arcane, tearing and cutting at the core of what you are. You have experienced pain beyond which can be survived. And yet you live. A testament of resilience and perseverance, regeneration and a powerful mind. Let it fuel you, empower you.
Pain now lets you focus, clears your mind instead of distracting it. You shall not be broken.

Petrification Resistance
You have encountered petrifying magic. Its effects are difficult to counter but yes, simply cutting away until there is no more stone works.
Extended study and preparation could’ve helped but hey, you do you. It’ll be even easier next time.

Poison Resistance
You are a target of assassins or not very good at distinguishing berries.
Surviving either of those you have developed a general resistance to poisons.
2nd stage: Either you need better guards or you need to stop eating everything you see.
Experience has granted you an ability to sense poison. Additionally its spread throughout your body is slower, reducing its effects.
3rd stage: Your favorite drink and seasoning for every food, you revel in that which destroys you. No more.
You may neutralize the effects of many poisons on touch, in a mug of ale, your body, or someone else’s with the help of mana intrusion abilities, should you choose to do so.

Rot Resistance
With your regeneration and healing, it was unlikely that such a resistance would ever manifest. However you have found a powerful source of unnatural rot.
Perhaps fueled by a curse or magic. Congratulations on yet another painful and horrific experience.
2nd stage: Your body has endured more than most, solely thanks to your magical regeneration. Time and exposure have made your body more resilient to infection, damaging bacteria, and fungal growth.
3rd stage: You damn near bask in rotten magic. Rotten matter just turned into a delicacy to you.
The process of rot has turned beneficial, destroying but also healing you at the same time. The more familiar with specific sources you become, the more you’ll be able to benefit from this boon.
Just make sure to was yourself thoroughly afterwards.

Ruby Magic Resistance
A sub magic school of gem magic, harnessing the arcane connection of rubies. Rarely seen among living creatures, unstable and difficult to control.
Golems are one of few exceptions to the problems of using such magic.

Sand Magic Resistance
A powerful and versatile school of magic, able to slash, crush and suffocate. Usually found and common in certain desert regions, its masters unchallenged within their domain.
Exposure has made you more resilient to this type of magic.
2nd stage: Through exposure and forced understanding, you will find it easier to move through sand.
An ability most sand mages and creatures master early in their development and one of their core advantages.

Sapphire Magic Resistance
A sub magic school of gem magic.
Sapphires are attuned to water magic in a way few natural stones and gems are, letting a trained user focus powerful torrents of collected or created water to form devastating and precise attacks.

Shadow Magic Resistance
A sub school of light magic allowing for a highly specialized set of tools to both incapacitate and kill. A more subtle approach and finesse is required to bring this magic to its true potential.
You have faced and survived encounters with masters of its use, making you more resilient against it.

Silver Magic Resistance
A rare magic to be sure and just as deadly.
Not quite corrosion or poison, silver magic can be devious, its effects complex.
You have survived and are one of few who have been exposed and lived.

Smoke Magic Resistance
Usually the result of fire magic, this school focused on smoke itself. Wielded by a master, it can be just as deadly and destructive, if not more so.
Knowing you, you probably just set fire inside a closed off cave and enjoyed the choking sensation. Slut.
2nd stage: The effects of breathing in smoke have become irrelevant to you. Only its magical power remains. You should still look for air. It’s good for you.

Soul Magic Resistance
The fleeting conscience of man and beast. Flesh, energy, motion and thought.
The Soul stands separate entirely, yet intertwined all the same.
Through hardship you have learned understanding, not through meditation and study.
A brutal yet comforting truth, strengthening that which cannot be grasped.
2nd stage: Battered and cracked. Challenged and near broken. Your Soul has endured through sheer tenacity against that which meant to bring its end.
A serene calm now sways through your very essence, changed and evolved, grounded and calm.
3rd stage: You have survived concentrated efforts to destroy your essence. Have fought and killed those that would’ve harmed your very core. Steady and entirely settled it remains. And so it shall remain.
Your Soul cannot be destroyed nor can it be separated from your body. Injuries sustained will retain their effects.

Sound Magic Resistance
Intricate and difficult to master, used by both mages and monsters. You have withstood and survived sound attacks, making you more resistant to its effects.

Space Magic Resistance
Most who try to chase this elusive school of magic will find and choose the Void instead.
You have fought a being of truly peculiar making, have faced and survived its spells and may count yourself amongst the few to call this skill their own.
2nd stage: A true mystery, how you have sustained so much damage through Space Magic. You must have truly angered a being to summon such scorn. Your body and its parts become more difficult to displace.
3rd stage: Your being comprehends space magic in its arcane nature, able to ignore some of the aspects of it. You may still be slowed if your adversary is too powerful but it will be difficult to pin you down entirely.

Stamina Drain Resistance
The more rarely used drain magic focused on Stamina.
It’s effects are not as immediately noticeable as Health or Mana drain skills but the end result is just as devastating.
You have learned to resist such spells to an extent.
2nd stage: Stamina exhaustion won’t impact you as heavily anymore as it did previously.
Your body is used to rapid magical Stamina Drain and can counteract its absence through mana and health respectively.

Time Magic Resistance
The intricacies of time magic are difficult to grasp, its secrets hidden forever to most who attempt the plunge.
A rare few have managed to bend the elusive force to their will, making it a dangerous tool both for themselves and for their enemies.
2nd stage: While it certainly eludes your simple mind, your body has learned that the flows and waves of time are fickle. 
Bent and shrouded for too many times, you have found a center in it all. A calm in the sea of time. It will take a true master to disturb what you have found to be truth.

Topaz Magic Resistance
Gems especially capable of channeling light magic, focusing beams to an extent otherwise impossible.
The necessary understanding and craftsmanship to create usable gems is vast, minute mistakes causing dangerous malfunctions.

Vine Magic Resistance
The versatility and abundance of vines have caused many hunters to specialize in its use.
Often coupled with venom, this at first glance less dangerous magic becomes the last thing many a creature experiences. You have avoided that fate. For now.

Void Magic Resistance
The mystical magic usually used to enchant high level items applied as a form of combat magic.
It’s as deadly as it is silent. How exactly you survived is unclear, perhaps the caster willed it so.
Next time it might work against a true enemy as well.
2nd stage: You have resisted the true magic of the Void, your body and will showing unrelenting grit. More than a simple spell will be required to invade your body with the void.
Your very existence and all of its parts are connected to you through the threads of magic.
3rd stage: Your body is bound to the space around it. The void cannot take what it does not own, nor move what cannot be moved.
The effects of Void Magic are reduced. Its damage remains but you can no longer be ripped out of space itself, nor be moved against your will by the magic of void.

Water Resistance
In your days you have learned many things.
One of them is that water pressure is not a joke.
This Resistance helps a little with reducing the damage.
2nd stage: You’ve taken so much damage from water based attacks it might be good to check if you’re not actually on fire.
Getting more used to it your body and armor magically redirects the pressure to lessen the burden on you.
3rd stage: You have seen the true power of the sea.
The structure of your body has adapted, forming microscopic webs that will make you more resilient to cuts and pressure, most notably against water.

Wind Resistance
The ever elusive magic of Wind can cut from any side.
You have learned that it might’ve been a good idea to become a Void mage.
This skill helps you resist the power of wind a little more.
2nd stage: The mana flow inside of you has acclimated itself to the air around you, making you more aerodynamic.
3rd stage: As you adjust to the flows of powerful wind magic and natural torrents, you find yourself often capable of using some of the power.
Perhaps to propel yourself forward or stop abruptly. Wind mages might think you one of their own.

Wood Magic Resistance
A connection made from a mage to nature allowed for this talent to take root.
Facing the force of nature you grow more accustomed to its effects, your body more resilient to the magic of the forest.
2nd stage: Magic of life and nature. It is concerning how much you have enraged the usually peaceful creatures and mages using this school.
Through painfully learned understanding, your body can now absorb a fraction of the life used.
3rd stage: You are a being of death and corruption, having invoked the wrath of Audur. Wood spells and conjurations are less effective and much more costly once they come in touch with your flesh.
